---
layout: post
title: Dream Journal 10/4/24
subtitle: This one was a little stressful
categories: dreams
tags: [dream journal]
---


Had a dream last night that I had to fake my own death in order to get the One True President elected. It was basically a One True King plot, but with a president of the United States.

So in my dream, my brother was a member of some ancient order trying to bring balance and progression to the United States, and there's a presidential candidate that they were trying to get elected. He basically looked like JFK, I'm not gonna lie. Anyways he was nearly assassinated and gravely injured, and we were nursing him back to health in my grandma's house, for some reason, when we got the call of what we'd need to do.

While transporting the president elect to a small seedy town, we'd need to fake our own deaths, and the death of the president elect. Then, nursing him back to health, in two years, just before the election, he'd rise again, as if from the dead, and take his place as the rightful ~~king~~ ruler of this ~~realm~~ country. It's a very Return of the King energy plot, but with America slapped hastily on it. And in hindsight, working for a shadowy organization trying to rig a presidential election is a little sus of me, dream brain.

So we made our way to this new town. My parents were driving us there, JFK in the back seat in a sick bed. And by driving us there, I mean we hitched our car to a train and were riding the train. We made our way to this new town, though my parents weren't TOTALLY in on the story, they just thought my brother, JFK, and I were moving to this new town. As we got there, we went to the police station to ask for assistance, and my brother pulled out a fucking gun and pretended to rob the place. Shots were fired, he and JFK dipped, and I was left with a "WHAT THE FUCK AM I DOING" situation. I heard a deep voice bellowing in my mind, telling me to do the right thing, and I **went with them**, for some reason.

Now that I had faked my own death, I was stuck with my brother, lugging around this injured dude, in the seedy underbelly of this new town. We were assisted by two floating talking plushies, who had taken some of the bullets for us and wanted us to join their gang. They explained they couldn't be injured cause of their plushie bodies, and my brother wisely went "Ah yes, but I've heard the plushification process can lead to some really bad backpain"

Anyways then I woke up.