---
layout: post
title: Updates, and the Death of Cohost
subtitle: Not much to talk about right now
categories: misc
tags: [just chatting]
---



Yesterday Cohost closed its doors. Since then I keep instinctively opening tabs to check what people have been saying.

So, this is it. This is my home now. It feels.... quiet. Kind of isolating. I do like this blog conceptually, for being able to post all my longform content and thoughts, but it feels a lot more clunky for shortform content. If I just wanna wake up and go "Yo where the bitches at", it takes a lot more effort to write up that html file. I assume I'll get into my groove eventually and shitpost to my heart's content.

I have a lot of thoughts about Cohost closing. Most of them sad. I'm also real sad that I can't edit my posts anymore. And by that I mean, like, get into the edit page. It made it easier for me to grab all my code so I could port it over here. There was also this very weird thing. So, Imgur won't accept copy and pasted images from cohost... unless they're from the edit page. I have NO clue why. So I would go into the edit page to grab my images for porting over Out of Context Yuri and stuff, but that's not a thing no more. So now I gotta work a little harder, and it's annoying lol. Hopefully the export helps me out.

Recently I haven't been posting as much, but it's not cause I'm already bored of this place or something. It's more that I've been no-lifing UFO 50. Have you played UFO 50? Play UFO 50. I'll prolly be posting full big posts about the games. Would y'all be interested in a series where I review all of the games in that pack? If not, I'll prolly just do one big review. But it'll be a while before that.

I've also been playing Zelda. Too many games came out recently. I ALSO want to get to Flowstone Saga, the Tetris JRPG. But there's TOO MUCH TO PLAY. So Retro Achievements is getting a bit of a backseat for a bit, I think,  as I focus on these. Of course, we'll be getting yuri every day, still.

Hope y'all have a lovely rest of yoru week!