---
layout: post
title: Untitled Smutty Story about a Halfling and Her Crush, A Goblin In Heat - NSFW, obviously
subtitle: I am bad at naming things
categories: oocy
tags: [creative writing, my writing, smut, NSFW]
---

She hurried down the sidewalk, trying to pick up her pace, without ruining all the effort she had just put in. Breathing a little heavily, she finally reached her destination, kneeling over slightly. "S-sorry to keep you waiting!"

The woman she was meeting, Cassidy Hairmonster, glanced at her from the corner of her eye. She was leaning against the wall, a cigarette hanging out of her mouth. "Not like I waited long. Dunno why I had to wait at all though. It's not like we didn't come from the same place."

Fiona Bloom, pouted. "I couldn't just come here straight from work without freshening up a bit! Changing out of my work clothes!"

Cassidy raised an eyebrow. "Why not? Not like I put in any effort."

Fiona continued to pout. "That's part of the problem, Cassidy. Whatever. Your fashion sense has never been that great anyway."

"The hell's wrong with how I look?" The Goblin glanced down at her suit.

Fiona wanted to make some comments, but kept them to herself. "You haven't even complimented my new dress, Cassidy! How do I look?" She leaned forward a bit, her lower lip protruding eeeever so slightly.

Cassidy glanced up and down her figure. She never let that expression slip. The same one she wore, all day, every day, her eye only half open, as if bored with it all, a complete lack of interest with the world. "Same as you always do."

Fiona sighed. She was trying, really, really hard. Cassidy was just too damn thick. "Alright, let's just go on in."

"'Bout time," Cassidy murmured, putting out her cigarette as they walked into the restaurant. This was their little ritual. The two were coworkers at one of the biggest companies in San Matsu, and though Fiona had always been interested in Cassidy (how could you not, have you seen her??), they had only recently gotten close. And now she was inviting her out every week, trying to get closer. Unfortunately, Cassidy only seemed to want to go out for udon. Oh well.

They sat in their usual booth, secluded in the corner. Cassidy grabbed a menu and flipped through it, even though she ordered the same damn thing every week. Fiona just watched her. She was tall, for a Goblin, with a stunning amount of deep blue hair that fell every which way. She had an eyepatch on her right eye, which only helped to accentuate that rugged, powerful energy she put off. When Fiona had first met her at work, she was curious, of course. But now, months later, she had to admit the obvious, the thing that was staring her dead in the face.

She was in love with her. Not that she had the courage to actually take that step, of course.

Cassidy continued to flip at the stupid menu. More than she usually did. She flipped at it even as the waitress came by and took their order, and she ordered the same thing she ALWAYS ordered. Fiona made pleasant small talk with the waitress, and ordered something new and exciting, then turned to see Cassidy staring at her, still flipping at that menu.

"What?" The Halfling asked.

Cassidy gave a small jump in her seat, as if she hadn't even realized she was staring. "Ah, sorry. Just uh, lost in thought." She pushed the menu away and dug in her purse for something, pulling out a pill bottle. She quickly popped one in her mouth, shaking her head a bit before speaking. "So, how was work today?"

Fiona groaned a bit, laughing. They both had pretty boring data input positions. But even with that, there was all kinds of office gossip to get to. And since Cassidy always kept to herself, she was never privy to it, so Fiona got to tell her all the most interesting bullshit that happened around them during the day. She recounted a story about one of her new trainees at work, as Cassidy quietly listened. It was a common topic at their after work dinners, but Fiona enjoyed the chance to just talk with her. Even if she didn't often talk back.

"...I swear, the man has no talent," she sighed, flipping her hair, "unless that talent is staring at my tits. He's real damn good at that."

Cassidy didn't comment, continuing to stare. Her eyes were somewhat... vacant, and as Fiona looked, she noticed that her emerald skin was slightly flushed. "Cassidy?" she asked, leaning forward slightly. "Are you feeling okay?"

For the second time that night, Cassidy gave a small jump. "Huh? Oh, yeah. Sorry, Bloom." She once again reached in her bag for that pill bottle and opened it up, turning it upside down for a pill. But this time, no pill came. A little dust fell on her hand, as she bared her sharp fangs and growled out. "Sssshhhit."

"What?" Fiona asked, leaning forward more, "are you okay? Do we need to go?" She hadn't ever seen Cassidy take pills like that before, so she felt a bit of panic rise in her stomach. Was she sick?? Cassidy was such a reserved person, she never talked about herself, so if she had some kind of illness, Fiona would never know. Gee, if the Goblin was sick, she could take care of her and nurse her back to-

As Fiona shook herself out of her daydream, Cassidy shook her head as well. "N-no, uh, it's fine. It's nothing s-serious, I can handle it." She put the bottle away, growling under her breath to herself, "I should have been more careful today, I KNEW it was coming up, too. It's worse than usual..."

"Seriously, are you sure?" Fiona pushed gently, "I wouldn't be offended if you went ho-"

"No!" Cassidy exclaimed, a bit forcefully, "I want to spend time with you!"

The Halfling shot up straight in her booth seat, her heart nearly exploding out of her chest. She WHAT?! She was still reeling a bit in her seat as Cassidy continued, a lot softer this time, "So please, just... keep talking about uh, what's his name. John."

"Jake."

"Yeah him."

Still a little worried, Fiona slowly went back into her story. Cassidy was a pretty reserved person, so there was no reason to push the issue. If she was willing to YELL, clearly she was adamant about it. Fiona wasn't sure she had ever seen the Goblin yell, even once. Cackle, yeah she HAD done that once. But yell? As she continued her story, Fiona kept an eye on her, watching as once again her eyes seemed to cloud over. But she wasn't ignoring her. She seemed very, very intent on what Fiona was saying...

As Fiona finished her story and fell silent, she heard two things. First was heavy breathing, almost ragged. And the second was the unmistakable sound of someone shuffling in those squeaky pads they put in booths. Was she okay? Did she need to go to the bathroom? But before she could ask, Cassidy interrupted her with a curt question. "Why did you stop talking?"

"I-I was done with the story?"

"Oh. Y-yeah, that makes sense." Cassidy sat up straight in her booth, and the squeaking stopped. She coughed, still breathing a little ragged, and looked over at her with an expression Fiona had never seen before. "Look, Fiona, I-"

"Soups here!" The waitress exclaimed, placing two bowls down in front of them.

"Oh, thank you!" Fiona giggled a bit, brushing the hair out of her face and tying it up so she could dig in. Cassidy wordlessly started working on her Udon, and the conversation fell quiet again. But something was eating away at Fiona, in the back of her head. Cassidy had called her Fiona. She NEVER called her Fiona. It was always last names with her. The idea made her blush a little.

Cassidy slurped away at her soup as if it were her rival clan that she needed to strike down, a great intensity brewing between her and the udon. Fiona watched in fear and admiration. But finally, something seemed to come to a head, and Cassidy quietly and slowly placed her chopsticks to the side. "Bloom."

"What's up?" Fiona asked, tackling her own soup in a MUCH more dainty way. She wasn't going to ruin her makeup with that soup, after all. Not after she put so much effort into it to look cute for the Goblin!

"How many Goblins have you known?"

An odd question. "Well, a lot. Y'all aren't exactly uncommon here in San Matsu, y'know. More common than Halflings are, for sure." She went for another hunk of meat, slurping that up too.

"Well, even so, it looks like you may not know, but uh... we tend to have a cycle. And it's that time of the month for me." The hardened Goblin blushed again, not looking Fiona in the eyes.

Fiona raised an eyebrow. "Cassidy," she said bluntly, "I have that cycle too you know. If your cramps were bothering you that bad, I-"

"No, not that one!" Cassidy hissed out, eyes closed, shaking a bit. She brought a hand up to her forehead, as she continued to blurt out, faster and faster, "No, I'm in heat! And it's not usually this bad, but you're so fucking hot that I'm finding I can't handle myself around you. The way you make me feel... especially with how I feel about y..."

Fiona's chopsticks fell into the soup, her mouth still open and ready to accept the noodles, now stuck in a gobsmacked expression. The Gob, for what its worth, also seemed to have a similar look on her face, as if she never intended those words to flood out. But they certainly did. "Excuse me, I need to go to the bathroom," Cassidy exclaimed, scrambling out of her chair, and rushing towards the back of the restaurant.

Fiona continued to stare after her, her brain not responding. What? What?? What?! She WHAT?! How she feels about WHAT?! Her brain was still fizzing slightly, her face redder than it had ever been, as she tried to scramble back to sentience. She had to chase after her! She had to do something! She was interrupted by the waitress, however, who kindly barged her way into Fiona's already fragile existence. "How's the meal?"

What? Oh right, the food. "Uh, it's great! Can we get the check please, though? Uh, something came up and we need to head out soon."

"Oh no," the Waitress said, putting a hand to her cheek, "I hope everything is okay! Would you like to go-"

"No, no, it's fine, thank you though." Fiona was scrambling to her feet, throwing her credit card on the table, her brain finally moving into gear. As she walked past the table, she glanced down at the location of where the Goblin had been sitting just moments ago.

The booth seat was unmistakably moist.

Turns out Fiona COULD get more red.

She slowly entered into the bathroom, her heart pounding. All of the stalls were empty, except the large one at the end. And from inside that stall, she could hear heavy breathing. Was she... crying in there? "Cassidy? Are you in there?" Fiona asked gently.

There was a kind of squeak of alarm from inside the stall, an adorable little Goblin noise. "B-bloom," came Cassidy's voice, shockingly fragile, "I'm sorry... j-just forget about it, it's uh, the Heat, y'know, makin' me... hah... say things I don't mean, you know."

"Don't say that," Fiona said quietly, hand hovering on the stall door.

"Wh-what?"

"I said, don't say that," Fiona spoke up. "Please. I don't want it to have been a lie." She took a deep breath, still hugging against the stall door. "Cassidy, please come out... I need to tell you something, but I want it to be in a better place than through a bathroom door."

"...That uh, you'll have to give me a moment, I'm a little..."

"Oh, I'm sorry," Fiona squeaked out a bit, "I didn't mean to interrupt you going to the bathroom."

"No, uh..." there was the unmistakable sound of a moan, which causes the red to creep back into Fiona's face, "...I thought if maybe I could calm myself, I could go back out and act normal again, so I've been..."

It grew silent. The only sounds were their breathing, separated by a single door. Fiona kept her hand on the door. Her fingers curled inward slightly, as she gathered up the courage. "I want to see," she said quietly.

"...What?"

"I said I want to see!" Fiona repeated. "I want to see... exactly how I make you feel, like how you said at the booth."

The room fell silent again, just their breath. Cassidy didn't respond... until Fiona heard the sound of a latch unhinging, and the door swung open.

Cassidy was leaning back on the toilet, her suit pants down around her knees. Her panties were also somewhere down there. She was splayed, in full display, glistening wet, her left hand hovering just around it, just as wet and glistening, a thin line of moisture trailing between her fingers. The usually calm and emotionless Cassidy Hairmonster was now splayed out in front of her, her eyes slightly wild, her face a deep emerald blush, and her hair frazzled.

"...Like this," Cassidy said, finally, as Fiona stepped into the booth with her.

"Is your heat usually this bad?" Fiona asked, unable to tear her eyes away.

"O-only since I've met you..."

Fiona stepped closer, and leaned over, placing a hand on Cassidy's thigh. The Goblin shuddered, drawing in a deep breath, and Fiona watched as a bit more girlcum began to drip out of her.

"Is this just... because of the heat?" Fiona asked, moving closer still, her eyes slightly obscured by her hair. She was biting her lip, finally glancing away from Cassidy's thighs and back at her face.

Cassidy winced at how close Fiona was, eyes closing, "Bloom, please, it is really hard to keep sane here... please, don't toy with me..."

Fiona didn't stop. She moved closer, face hovering past Cassidy's, as she whispered in the Goblin's ear. "May I touch you? I want to touch you..."

Something in Cassidy snapped. She shuddered, cumming slightly, as she grabbed Fiona's face, "please, gods, please touch me, I need it, I-"

Fiona's hand moved from her thighs to her pussy, slipping a finger just between the folds, and Cassidy's small, slight orgasm, became a large one. She rocked against the finger, letting out a low moan, eyes rolling slightly back in her head.

"...Wow," Fiona said, almost dreamily, "just from that? You must really-" She was interrupted by a kiss, eyes going wide as Cassidy pulled her face close for a kiss, and grabbed her other hand and started grinding against it, moaning into the halfling's mouth. "Mmmf!"

Cassidy slipped her tongue inside, but was interrupted from the kiss with yet another orgasm, letting out a low growl that trailed off into a bit of a whimper.

"Wow," Fiona repeated, "I... I can't believe-"

They were interrupted as the door to the bathroom opened, and someone walked inside. Fiona breathed in sharply and slapped a hand over Cassidy's gasping mouth, eyes jumping to the stall door. It's okay... they just had to... be quiet and wait for this person to leave, right?

Cassidy had no such plans. She continued to grind against Fiona's hand, grabbing it with her other hand and trying to get her to insert a finger. Her heavy breathing was barely contained by the hand, her eyes glazed over from pleasure.

"Are you okay in there?" Came a woman's voice, as the stranger turned on the faucet.

"Cassidy," Fiona hissed quietly, "be a good girl, don't make any noise, and I'll reward you, okay?"

Fiona could feel the Goblin shudder under her, whining slightly as she came again from Fiona's whispers, but she nodded slowly.

"Uh, yeah, just uh... hnn... not feeling super great, you know," Fiona replied, trying to play up a stomach ache.

"Ah, been there," came the stranger. "Feel better soon." There was the sound of a makeup cap going back on, and the faucet turned back off. After a few more seconds, the door closed, and the stranger was gone.

"That was close," Fiona hissed out, pulling her hand from Cassidy's mouth. It was hot and wet from the Goblin's breath.

"Am I a good girl?" Cassidy whimpered. "Please, please tell me I am..."

Fiona stared in utter surprise. The emotionless, cool, collected Cassidy Hairmonster. At work, she was always relaxed, maybe a bit brash at times, but this creature in front of her, dripping wet with frazzled hair and glassy eyes...

It was EXTREMELY hot.

"You are," Fiona said, a smirk coming to her lips. She was starting to really enjoy this, herself... She brought her hand to Cassidy's chin and pushed her head upwards, making her look directly in her eyes. "You're SUCH a good girl. And a good girl deserves a reward, right?"

Cassidy's husky voice breathed out in relief and excitement. "P-please? I want to be rewarded..."

Wow, this was EXTREMELY unlike her. But that was exciting in its own way~ "Just a little bit more, and you'll get your reward okay? Let's go to somewhere a little more..." she glanced around the stall. "...sanitary."

"I can't wait that long," Cassidy whined, wrapping her arms around Fiona, "just take me right now, please, I-"

"Cassidy, no! Good girl, remember?" Fiona said sternly, placing a finger on the Goblin's nose, who whined, but fell silent. Fiona took her hand, and got the woman standing up. Before long they were leaving the bathroom, both of them looking slightly disheveled. Fiona lead Cassidy back to their table by the hand, grabbed their things and the receipt, and headed for the door.

They passed by the waitress, who took one look at them, and made an "ohhhh" expression, with a slight smile. Fiona grimaced. Great, now they could **never come back to this establishment ever again**. Cassidy didn't seem to notice. She was a little preoccupied.

They left the restaurant and quickly headed down the street towards the subway station. "My apartment is a few stops away," Fiona explained, "can you hold it until then?"

"Noooo," Cassidy whined, "just... just drag me into the alleyway and fuck my brains out in there, please, I need-"

"No!" Fiona exclaimed. "I am not having my first time with you in an ALLEYWAY. The bathroom was bad enough!" She glanced around. What other option did they have? She was worried Cassidy was going to rip her pants off and mount her on the subway. They really only had one other option...

They entered the love hotel, holding hands, and still looking just as disheveled. The lady at the front desk, a Goblin, looked up from her computer. "Welcome to- ah." She took one look at Cassidy and Fiona, and nodded. "Mine was really bad this month too. Here, I'll make sure you get the most sound proof room we got."

"Uh, th-thanks," Fiona said, an uncomfortable smile on her face. This receptionist was EXTREMELY candid. Were ALL Goblins like this???

"Good luck," The receptionist said, and soon they were entering the elevator.

"Let's see, third floo- MMF!" Fiona was interrupted pressing the elevator button by Cassidy pushing her way onto her, kissing her lips, her neck, and taking a biiiiig whiff of her.

"God, Bloom, you drive me crazy..." Cassidy growled out against Fiona's neck. Fiona shuddered a bit, feeling HERSELF be driven slightly crazy by the whole ordeal... She gently pushed Cassidy off, and said "We're ALMOST THERE! Hold in there until 

It took some doing, but soon they were in their room. Fiona's mind was going a mile a minute. She couldn't BELIEVE she was doing this. Her, at a love hotel? And with CASSIDY? She had never been to a love hotel! Hell, she had never even been with a woman before! This crush on Cassidy was new to her, she had only been on a few dates with men. She had no idea what she was doing.

But as soon as she saw Cassidy, she knew what she WANTED to do. The Goblin was in a bit of a haze, shivering slightly, just staring at her. They stood in the entrance way of the room like that for a minute, and Fiona laughed. "I guess protocol is to take showers, but uh, you probably can't wait for that, can you?"

Cassidy shook her head slowly, still just staring, her lip shivering slightly. Finally, she spoke up, her husky low voice barely  a whisper, "have I been a good girl? Can I get my reward?"

Something inside Fiona snapped. That last tendon of sanity, as she felt her own heat wash over her. She pushed herself against Cassidy, grabbing her chin and kissing her deeply. The Goblin squirmed under her, moaning into her mouth as they kissed, the kiss sloppy and wild. Finally, Fiona pulled away, whispering a bit, "you've been SUCH a good  girl. Let's get you that reward~"

The clothes practically exploded off of Cassidy, both of them working tirelessly, and rather clumsily, to remove them. But as Fiona pushed the now naked Cassidy onto the bed, her soaked panties still dangling from one of her feet, she held up a shaking hand. "W-wait"

Fiona's brain froze. WAIT? NOW?! NOW she had the patience to wait?! Was she having second thou-

"Y-you too," Cassidy shuddered out, "I want to... see you too."

A blush crept all the way across Fiona's face, turning her beetroot. Okay, that hit her in a way she wasn't expecting. Shivering a bit, she began to undress as well, clumsily pulling the cute new dress over her head, and throwing it to the side. As she began to unbuckle her bra (which was MUCH to plain for her liking in this situation), she squeaked in surprise as Fiona dove directly into her tits.

"Hey, hey!" Fiona shouted, "hold on!" She pushed Cassidy back to the bed, panting a bit. They were BOTH panting, but probably for different reasons. "That will... make it harder to take it off," Fiona said, her eye twitching. "Besides... I'm taking care of YOU tonight."

Cassidy whimpered a bit, but did nothing else but stare as Fiona finally removed her bra, and then her panties, which while not as soaked as Cassidy's, certainly showed a level of... excitement.

"Y-you're so beautiful," Cassidy whispered out, as Fiona pounced on her, kissing at her neck, "please, Fiona, fuck me, please, I- OHHH."

"Your reward," Fiona murmured, her hand rubbing against Cassidy's clit, "for being such a good girl earlier..."

"Th-tha- mnfffffff." Cassidy growled out, spasming, as Fiona continued her exploration, first with her lips against Fiona's nipples, then with her fingers, slowly and gently exploring. Even though she still had no idea what she was doing, how hard could it be? I mean, she had one too, so she'd just do what she likes, makes sense? But as she continued to rub her fingers against her, she felt Cassidy grab her hair.

"P-please-" Cassidy grunted out.

"Mmmf?" Fiona said, still shoved against her tits.

"I-inside," Cassidy gasped, "fingers. Inside. Fuck my brains o-OUHHHH."

Okay, time to improvise after all. She slid a finger inside, noting how tight she was, and also noting how she arched her back up to meet her, pushing into her face and completely surrounding her with her tits.

Fiona was in heaven.

Any fears that she wouldn't know what to do were dissipated quickly, as the squirming Cassidy made VERY clearly what she wanted. "M-more," she said, "more fingers. Deeper. Faster. Yes. YES. YES!"

Fiona had daydreamed a few times about being with Cassidy in the recent months, but they had never gone like... this. And in them, she always pictured knowing exactly when and where the orgasms would take place, but in the moment, it was very messy. She could feel Cassidy squirming under her, and she couldn't tell where each orgasm began or ended.

Fiona was 'rescued' from her tits, as Cassidy grabbed her face and lifted it to meet her's. "Fionaaaa," she whimpered out, "I l-loove you..."

Her heart swelled as she moved closer. "I love you too, Cassidy," she exclaimed, kissing the Goblin as she came again, moaning out through her.

This continued for a while. A long while. Fiona didn't know anything about Goblin heat cycles, but she learned a LOT in those four hours. They continued like that for a while, kissing and fingering with Cassidy on her back, but eventually Fiona pulled Cassidy into a new position, running entirely on instinct. The Goblin's butt was high in the air, her face shoved deep into the pillows.

"Maybe that will silence you for a little bit," Fiona smirked.

It did not.

They were like that for a while, but never in one position for long. And no matter what Fiona did, the Goblin was not satisfied.

Many hours later, Cassidy finally fell silent, collapsed on the bed, spasming slightly, her legs splayed out. Fiona was next to her, breathing heavily. Her arms and hands kind of hurt. At least she wasn't dehydrated, after having gone down on Cassidy so much, that was for sure. She was a bit worried about the Goblin, though, so she stood up to get some water, but was stopped by a weak and shaking hand.

"Don't go," Cassidy whimpered, her face back in the pillows, "please."

Fiona smiled, and sat back down on the bed, laying down and wrapping her arms around the Goblin, who sighed contentedly. Fiona found this position a little difficult. Cassidy's last name was "Hairmonster", and she had earned that name, so her face was entirely covered in thick hair, but she was content to stay there for a while, holding her Goblin.

"...I'm sorry," Cassidy finally broke the silence.

"Excuse me?!" Fiona exclaimed, sitting up and looking down at Cassidy. Her blush and wild eyes had receded, though she was still quite blushed, now from embarrassment.

"I'm sorry you had to see that!" Cassidy exclaimed back, hiding her face with her hands.

"Uh, I did a lot more than see it, ma'am," Fiona said incredulously, grabbing at Cassidy's hands and pulling them aside, "and you have nothing to apologize for... unless..."

The words caught in her mouth a bit. Now that Cassidy was feeling more like herself again, was she considering this a mistake? Was what she said in the moment.. wrong?" "...unless?" Cassidy asked.

"Was it true, when you said you loved me?" Fiona asked, trying to be brave, her face blushed. The Goblin blushed a bit deeper than that, looking away and scratching at her face.

"Uh.. y-yeah. Yeah, can't hide that anymore. I've... liked you for quite a while, Bloom," Cassidy growled out. "I was gonna... ask you... do you want to go ou- MFFF?!"

She was interrupted by a kiss from Fiona, who cradled her arms back around Cassidy. "I hope you'll take care of me!" Fiona laughed, "and I can take care of YOU," she said, sticking her tongue out and poking Cassidy gently in the nose, "every month, whenever you need me to~"

"H-hey!" Cassidy exclaimed, face a deep emerald as Fiona laughed some more, pulling her back into the kiss, which lingered as they fell back into the bed, and into each other's arms.